TechX 

TechX is an acquisition company that targets the new age of technology and the up and coming companies within the space. 
TechX had recently rebranded from 'Mobilum Technologies' as they wanted to change their approach, focusing on tech businesses. 
According to CEO Peter Green, they had experience in cryptocurrencies "way back". Due to the current sure in cryptocurrencies and blockchain, they decided to jump back in.
They have come out strong, acquiring a few companies to make a name for themselves and make cryptocurrencies more accessible to Canadian's. 
The particular niches that they're looking into is the cryptocurrency and IOT (Internet of Things - Essentially connecting all technologies with the internet) space.
They have been more active in the blockchain industry as of recent rather than the IOT space, which is understandable. 
TechX has acquired a number of blockchain companies, including:

- Catalyx

Catalyx is a 'Reliable, fast and secure digital asset trading platform for Canadians'. Their mission is to provide Canadians with a way to get into the cryptocurrency market,
most people are not sure how to trade and more importantly, they're not sure who to trust due to the high possibility of being scammed. The solution that TechX provides is Catalyx,
Catalyx is a trustworthy, fast and secure platform that allows retail investors to get their hands on their favourite cryptocurrencies. It has a professional setup that isn't too
complicated to understand, it allows you to have exposure to professional tools like indicators.


- FastBitcash

Enables cryptocurrency investors to buy and withdraw in a way that is easy to the new retail investor, simplifying the overall process including KYC. (Know Your Customer) 
The idea is to make cryptocurrency more accessible for Canadian residents. By the looks of it, they're using the tools from FastBitCash to improve upon the success of the Catalyx 
acquisition and development. The same goes for their next purchase, CryptoBuddy.


- CryptoBuddy

CryptoBuddy is a signals platform that uses predictive analytics to help investors decide how and when to trade. 
CryptoBuddy predicts growth, fall back via algorithms and AI. The CEO of TechX stats that they can achieve up to 75% accuracy with their model.
Looking to aqquire 100% of CryptoBuddys assests, to complement Catalyx with their predictive models to further enhance the user's experience on Catalyx.


- How does TechX make money?

Look for opportunities in the new and upcoming technology space, they're particular focus as of March 18, 2021 is crypto and IOT.
They invest and operate in these companies, mainly investing in companies that have a strong future. Things they look at typically consist of the 
innovation in the technology and the team and their strategies. They see the people as just as an important asset as the technology, this is paramount.




 


